---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cachefly_service Resource - terraform-provider-cachefly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cachefly_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Service display name.
- `unique_name` (String) Service unique name, used to generate the default domain.

### Optional

- `auto_redirect` (Boolean) Enable automatic redirect from HTTP to HTTPS.
- `cors` (Boolean) Enable CORS headers for content.
- `description` (String) Description of the service.
- `domains` (Block List) A list of domains associated with the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--domains))
- `error_ttl` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--error_ttl))
- `hostname_pass_through` (Boolean) Enable or disable hostname pass-through (Edge to Origin).
- `reverse_proxy` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--reverse_proxy))

### Read-Only

- `auto_ssl` (Boolean) Indicates whether AutoSSL is enabled for the service.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the service (e.g., ACTIVE, Pending Configuration, DEACTIVATED).

<a id="nestedblock--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains`

Required:

- `name` (String) The domain name (e.g., example.com).

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of the domain.
- `validation_mode` (String) The validation mode for the domain.


<a id="nestedblock--error_ttl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_ttl`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether error TTL is enabled.
- `value` (Number) The TTL value for errors in seconds.


<a id="nestedblock--reverse_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reverse_proxy`

Optional:

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) The access key for the OBJECT_STORAGE mode. Required for OBJECT_STORAGE.
- `cache_by_query_param` (Boolean) Specifies whether to cache based on query parameters. Required for all modes.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname for the reverse proxy. Required for all modes.
- `mode` (String) The mode of the reverse proxy. Must be either 'WEB' or 'OBJECT_STORAGE'.
- `origin_scheme` (String) Specifies the origin scheme. Allowed values are 'HTTP', 'HTTPS', or 'FOLLOW'. Required for all modes.
- `region` (String) The region for the OBJECT_STORAGE mode. Required for OBJECT_STORAGE.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key for the OBJECT_STORAGE mode. Required for OBJECT_STORAGE.
- `ttl` (Number) Time-to-live for cached content in seconds. Range: 1 to 7776000. Required for all modes.
- `use_robots_txt` (Boolean) Specifies whether to respect the robots.txt file. Required for all modes.
